4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-general-editor-export-variables-as-variant.md

---
type: entry
section: general
subsection: editor
rank: 5
importance: 3
anchor: export-variables-as-variant
title: Export variables as `Variant`
text: |
  With this new update, it is now possible to export variables as `Variant`.

>   Previously, a variable could only be exported as a `Variant` if it had an initialized value. Also, the editor would stick to the actual type of that said value, making it not possible to change the value to another supported `Variant` type, such as a `String` or `Color`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previously, a variable could only be exported as a `Variant` if it had an initialized value. Also, the editor would stick to the actual type of that value, making it impossible to change the value to another supported `Variant` type, such as a `String` or `Color`.
```
or
```suggestion
  Previously, a variable could only be exported as a `Variant` if it had an initialized value. Also, the editor would stick to the actual type of said value, making it impossible to change the value to another supported `Variant` type, such as a `String` or `Color`.
```

Author: Chose the second one.

>   Now, if the exported variable is of type `Variant`, the editor reacts accordingly, permitting the user to assign any compatible `Variant` value.

Reviewer 2: Could clarify that you can change the value type in the inspector.

Author: Done.
